the lip home office marcelo nilo was
This is another video from our channel.
I brought you a tool today.
extremely versatile for you
know the rascal is there are many people who
Do not you know, I'd say a lot of people
even the rasp is a tool for
roughing for roughing
wood
she is she looks like a file
but it has some differences
aaaah lima the rasp has bigger teeth and
more spaced
so if you fix your teeth they are
they are very aggressive
it is precisely to wear the wood
even it is manufactured in three formats
I have different here that it is boring
is half cane one side and straight another side
half a cane and there's this one that's
round you make more details of it
car or not, right?
but she also has a
aggressive texture that is precisely for
wearing the wood is the rascal you
use the way you hold rasp
with both hands and will make a
movement you want in the wood or
will be inducing to rasp
wear the way you want
wear
then you will necessarily go you will
work with both hands and across the
extension of it there you will ask
because it has this crepe tape wrapped in the
tip of the drug is this tape is rolled up
that just like a tip for you
that it is not to hurt the hand because as
you use both hands
It's interesting you have a protection.
I have here some examples where I
I used the rasp to make some
parts
so here's why here for example
an area of wood for you to use
with the chisel is included is on our site
have a tutorial showing one step to
step of making this image
May this was done is wearing
excess with the serrano chisel and shiver
rounded or that is what God really
the shape in the piece was to gloss again
I repeat the rasp will not finish
fine she will give to shape and there
then you sand and give the fine finish
another another piece that is also
here is also a video our site is
Planing that this path is was made
a piece that is massive and to be more
anatomical this piece was all round with
11 one a rascal and then was lynched and
finally a joke that I did
here I got a wood stump one
square tokens
I made a 45 degree mark in all
creating a spiral and then used
I used to have half a cane and I went
making this spiral this spiral made
this spiral is achieved in this format
so you can see the versatility of
a rasp to wear wood
logically here I made the wear of
thing I scratched to get a texture
thinner
so it's a tool there
extremely versatile and it 's cheap to
you have in your workshop and you will
realize that it will help you a lot
hours to wedding date on wood
Are you guys in the next video a great
hug